# **Points & Work Distribution for Lab 6 -- Convolutional Neural Architecture**
2.5 points are distributed among the team members: Nimai, Emmanuel, Luke, and Tiffany. Some parts may overlap and may need more support from rest of team members. If one person is done with their part, they should be available to help out with other people's parts.

## **Preparation** [3 points]
- [ ] **[1.5 points]** __Choose and explain what metric(s) you will use to evaluate your algorithm’s performance.__ You should give a detailed argument for why this (these) metric(s) are appropriate on your data. That is, why is the metric appropriate for the task (e.g., in terms of the business case for the task). Mention why the data is similar to CIFAR and CIFAR's excellent business case. Please note: rarely is accuracy the best evaluation metric to use. Think deeply about an appropriate measure of performance.
- [ ] **[1.5 points]** __Choose the method you will use for dividing your data into training and testing__(i.e., are you using Stratified 10-fold cross validation? Shuffle splits? Why?). Explain why your chosen method is appropriate or use more than one method, as appropriate. Convince me that your splitting method is a realistic mirroring of how an algorithm would be used in practice. 
- Note: Above is same as previous lab (Lab 5 - Wide and Deep Networks, refer to Github)

## **Modeling** [7 points]
- [ ] **[1 points]**  Setup the training to use data expansion in Keras (also called data augmentation). Explain why the chosen data expansion techniques are appropriate for your dataset. You should make use of Keras augmentation layers, like in the class examples for notebook 12 (with tf.Dataset).
- [ ] **[2 points]** Create a convolutional neural networks to use on your data using Keras. The first architecture may be a simple feedforward CNN. The second network architecture should make use of either parallel pathways, residual connections, or Separable convolution paths. For each architecture, investigate changing one or more hyper parameters (such as the number of filters in the layers). This means, at a  minimum, you will train a total of four CNN models (2 different architectures, with parameters changed in each architecture).
    - Use the method of train/test splitting and evaluation metric that you argued for at the beginning of the lab. Visualize the performance of the training and validation sets per iteration (e.g., use the "history" parameter of Keras). Be sure that all models converge. 
- [ ] **[2.5 points]** Visualize the final results of all the CNNs and interpret/compare the performances. Use proper statistics as appropriate, especially for comparing models. 
- [ ] **[1.5 points]** Compare the performance of your best convolutional network to a standard multi-layer perceptron (MLP) using the receiver operating characteristic and area under the curve. Use proper statistical comparison techniques.  

## **Exceptional Work** [1 point]
- [ ] One idea (required for 7000 level students): Use transfer learning with pre-trained weights for your initial layers of your CNN. These pre-trained weights should come from a well-known ImageNet trained model like ResNet, VGG, or SqueezeNet. Compare the performance when using transfer learning to your best model from above in terms of classification performance. 